---
layout: page
title: Kevin Toh's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: EventWise

EventWise is a event management desktop application used for managing contacts and details specific to an event. It combines the flexibility of a Command Line Interface (CLI) and the benefits of a Graphical User Interace (GUI). Designed for event planners, EventWise helps you to easily track and access crucial information in a single place, simplifying event coordination and communication. It is written in Java and has about 16 kLoc.

### My Contributions
Given below are my contributions to the project.

#### Features

* **New Feature**: Add new `viewEvent` command to display a details specific to an event. [\#41](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/41)
  * What it does: Allows the user to view details specific to an event such as the description, date, note and venue information as well as a list of vendors and a list of attendees associated to the event.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to access important information related to a specific event in a single place.
  * Highlights: This enhancement integrates the associations of the `Person`, `Vendor` and `Venue` with `Event` and requires changes to the existing AddressBook and Model interfaces.

* **New Feature**: Add the ability to add persons to events `addEventDetails` [\#42](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/42)
  * What it does: Allows the user to add one or more persons from the persons list to an event.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to keep track of all the person and contact details relevant to a certain event, to quickly see their details to contact them if necessary.
  * Highlights: The implementation was challenging as there are multiple cases to be accounted for when allowing to add one or more persons at the same time to an event. The logic has to be able to detect invalid person indexes and filter out only the valid person indexes to be added to an event. On top of that it has to work in tandem with other subcomponents that deal with setting the event's venue and adding vendors to the event.

* **New Feature**: Add the ability to set an event's venue `addEventDetails` [\#81](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/81)
  * What it does: Allows the user to set a venue from the venues list to an event.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to keep track of the venue details relevant to a certain event, to conveniently access the venue's address and capacity.

* **New Feature**: Add new `removePerson` command to remove a person from a specific event. [\#104](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/104)
  * What it does: Allows the user to remove an existing person from an event that they are part of.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to remove a person from an event in the event they were mistakenly added or when a person requests to be removed from the event due to personal reasons.

* **New Feature**: Add new `findEvent` command to find events whose names contain specific keywords. [\#106](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/106)
  * What it does: Allows the user to search for events by using keywords
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to search for events by entering keywords so that they can quickly find an event when there are many events recorded in EventWise.

* **New Feature**: Add new `removeVendor` command to remove a vendor from a specific event. [\#109](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/109)
  * What it does: Allows the user to remove an existing vendor from an event that they are part of.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to remove a vendor from an event in the event they were mistakenly added or when a vendor requests to be removed from the event due to unforseen circumstances.

#### User Interface

* **User Interface**: Dynamic Data ListView Component (`Event`, `Person`, `Vendor`, `Venue`) on the same list. [\#92](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/92)
  * What it does: Implemented a Dynamic Data ListView component to support the simultaneous display of various object types such as `Event`, `Person`, `Vendor`, and `Venue` in a single list
  * Justification: Enables a more versatile and streamlined user interface by accommodating different data types within a unified list 
  * Highlights: Enhances user experience by presenting diverse data types in a cohesive manner.

* **User Interface**: Display Vendors on Event's Vendor List [\#102](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/102)
  * What it does: Introduces the feature to display a list of vendors associated with a specific event.
  * Justification: Provides users with visibility into the vendors linked to each event, facilitating better event management.
  * Highlights: Improves the clarity of vendor-event relationships, enhancing the overall usability of the application.

* **User Interface**: Other UI Improvements [\#58](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/58)
  * What it does: Ongoing enhancements and refinements to the user interface.
  * Justification: Aims to continually improve the visual and interactive aspects of the application for a seamless user experience.
  * Highlights: Regular updates ensure the UI remains intuitive and user-friendly.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=ktzy0305&breakdown=true)

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * UI enhancement to clear event details shown when executing the `deleteEvent` command. [\#79](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/79)

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation and provided the UI screenshots of `viewEvent` command. [\#23](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/23) 
        * Added documentation and provided the UI screenshots of `addEventDetails` command. [\#125](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/125)
        * Added documentation and provided the UI screenshots of `removePerson` command. [\#125](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/125)
        * Added documentation and provided the UI screenshots of `removeVendor` command. [\#125](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/125)
        * Added documentation and provided the UI screenshots of `findEvent` command. [\#109](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/109)
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details for `viewEvent`, `addEventDetails`, `removePerson`, `removeVendor` and `findEvent` 
        * Added use cases and user stories.
        * Added instructions for manual testing for `viewEvent`, `addEventDetails`, `removePerson`, `removeVendor` and `findEvent` 
* **Contributions to Team-based tasks**:
    * Created labels and tags in team repository.
    * Reviewed Pull Requests done by the team and check for correctness of the code.
    * Bug Fixes:
        * Fixed event details bug where executing the `addEventDetails` command deletes the event's venue information.
        * Fixed UI bug where the vendor list cell associated to an event was not rendering correctly.
        * Fixed remove person bug where the error message was not shown when index is 1 greater than the size of the list.
        * Fixed edit bug where edited objects were not updated in the event details segment.

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#40](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-3/tp/pull/40)

